Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

ans 

There are around 4000 friends for Drjillstein and 3000 friends for Gary Johnson
Hence the no of common friends overlap more than hillary clinton and donaldtrump
who follow only around 700 people and 33 people respectively
We cannot compare and come to conclusion that Jill Stein and Gary Johnson  are more similar 
because the people Donald trump  mostly follows are associated with him and belong to his institution
while gary johnson and jillstein are freinds with different group of people 
The friends_overlap() function will only give records of how many friends are common in account 
but not similarity between two users with respective to tweets and how much they know each other
To verify similarity among the 4 candidates we should record the no of tweets they have done
and how many tweets of their friends mention the candidates and count the no of friends 
tweets to see how similar they are.
 We should also keep into account no of tweets each candiate has made like donald trump has more tweets
around 33000 which is more than other candidates 
Also there are various other factors like how actively the users tweet to be considered for analysis
Therefore with such a limited set of data we cannot come to conclusion that Jill Stein 
and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald



2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.
The user that is common in hillary and donald friend list is magic johnson
Magic johson is an American retired professional basketball 
he supports hillary team for presidency still
He is  friend with donald trump as he said he is willing to work with trump
and is open to friendship with trump 


3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

As donald trump follows less people and Gary Johnson has  big friend list the 
analysis might show some misleading information like garyjohson being more popular 
and having more similarity with other candidates while donaldtrump being less popular among all 
candidates as he has less friends which is not accurate conclusion as friend list
alone cannot be deciding factor.

4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?
Ans There is a 15 min rate interval for twitter request
For each candidate we will give a twitter request to get the friend so total no of request
will be equal to total no of friends each candidate has that is total no of friends count will be total no of request
hence total no of request will be around 8073
To make a request twitter allows 15 minute window period  than we will have each friend request 
to be fulfilled in 15 min window period
then total time taken will be 8073/15=538-1=537*15+8073=16128 minutes
it would take for each friend friend request to be processed

